A more verbose search definition (#108)
ietf-wg-aipref/drafts: draft-ietf-aipref-vocab.md

## Search Category {#search}

Using one or more assets in a search application
that directs users to the location
from which the assets were retrieved.

> Search applications can be complex applications
> that serve multiple purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search applications can be complex and serve multiple purposes.
```

> Only those parts of applications that direct users to the location of an asset
> are covered by preferences for this category of use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only those parts of applications that direct users to the location of an asset
are included in this category of use.
```

> Preferences for the Search category apply to those parts of applications
> that provide search capabilities,
> regardless of what other preferences are expressed.
> This includes the use of titles or excerpts from assets
> that are used to help users select between multiple candidate options.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
This includes the use of titles or excerpts from assets
that are used to help users select between multiple candidate options.

Preferences for the Search category apply to those parts of applications
that provide search capabilities,
regardless of what other preferences are expressed.
```
